[Music]
may the lord bless you child
and give you strength to serve him in
your mission
i know i can make a success of the new
convent
i don't think you're ready for it here
we are
[Music]
you shouldn't have come here a place
where time doesn't even exist
i never liked this my father used to
allow some bad goings on here
i think this place is too much for all
of us
the devil comes in many disguises this
is an unusual place and
we should expect unusual things
our father who what in heaven
i love his highness it has started to
come
what's happening to me this place makes
you see
because this day your daily bed the
devil is in you sister and forgive us or
trust myself
you're only human so i'm discovering as
we figure those who trespass against
them
and lead us not into temptation
but deliver us from peace
amen
[Applause]
[Music]
hey